Create custom admin roles API docs (#1872)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/role-assignment/index.md

---
title: Role Assignment
---
<ApiLifecycle access="beta" />

# Role Assignment

> Role assignment to principals makes them administrators of your org.

Reviewer: Add another sentence: Principals can be users or groups of users.

Author: added

| `APP_ADMIN`                             | Application Administrator           | Apps                                  |
| `GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_ADMIN`                | Group Membership Administrator      | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |
| `HELP_DESK_ADMIN`                       | Help Desk Administrator             | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |
| `MOBILE_ADMIN`                          | Mobile Administrator                |                                       |
| `ORG_ADMIN`                             | Organizational Administrator        |                                       |
| `READ_ONLY_ADMIN`                       | Read-Only Administrator             |                                       |
| `REPORT_ADMIN`                          | Report Administrator                |                                       |
| `SUPER_ADMIN`                           | Super Administrator                 |                                       |
| `USER_ADMIN`                            | Group Administrator                 | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |

Standard role assignment is done in two steps:

> 1. Assign a role to a user or group. At this point the admin has the supported privileges fo the role over all resources across organization.

Reviewer: "of"

Author: changed

2. (Optional) If the role supports targets, use one of the [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations) to specify which specific resource the admin can manage.

Note that the entities involved in standard role assignment are:
* a role; identified either by type or id returned from [listing API](/docs/reference/api/roles/#list-roles)
* a principal; either a group or a user
* (Optional) a resource; when using target [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations) this could be either an app or a group

## Custom Role Assignment
Custom roles can be built by piecing [permissions](/docs/reference/api/roles/#permission-types) together. Once a custom role is built, you can use its id or name to assign to admins. The process is:
1. Build a custom role
2. Build a set of resources
3. Bind the admin with the role from step 1 targeting the resource set from step 2

> An assignment of a role to an admin is called a [binding](/docs/reference/api/roles/#binding-object). Conceptually, a binding is identified by the role id. A maximum of one role per resource set will be allowed. Assignment of more admins to the same role targetting the same resource set is possible and they are added as [members]((/docs/reference/api/roles/#member-object)) of the same binding. Hence a binding could simply be seen as:

Reviewer: This isn't true, there can be different roleID:Admin per resource set

Reviewer 2: yah - made even more confusing by the actual 'id' payload in "list roles" or "list bindings" being a *bindingId* not a role id.  perhaps better would be ... "Conceptually, a binding is identified by a unique id, and represents a single unique combination of principal, resource-set, and custom role.  A given resource-set can have multiple bindings (do we specify the limit here perhaps?), allowing for different combinations of prinicpals and roles as necessary to provide permission to the encompassing resources..."

Author: reworded per Nate's suggestion

```json
{
  "${roleId}": [
    "${memberId1}",
    "${memberId2}",
    ...
  ]
}
```

Therefore, when dealing with custom roles, three entities are always in play:
* a role; identified by its name or id

> * a principal; either a group or a user

Reviewer: This should be defined further above (probably best in process step #3 "Bind the admin - known as the 'principal' with the role...")

Reviewer: (ignore this comment, I see you refer to principal at the very top, and I added a comment there to further explain)

* a resource-set; identified by its id

### Resource Sets

> Custom roles can only be assigned if scoped to a set of recourses from the beginning. In other words, you need to have a resource set in order to be able to assign a custom role.

Reviewer 2: I'd actually just omit this sentence - let's keep this section to simply defining what a resource set is, and by continuing to re-enforce in discussing bindings elsewhere that resource sets are required you'll get this idea across (also see notes re treatment for this in the concepts section perhaps)

Author: remvoed

A resource set is simply a collection of resources. The following resources are currently supported:
* All users
* All groups
* A specific group
* All users within a specific group

> Note that the distinction between users and groups allows for creating custom admins that are only scoped to users or groups.

Reviewer: This distinction is because 'user' permissions are for performing actions on all user resources, or users within a specific group, and the 'group' permissions can be used to perform actions on all groups resources or specific groups

Reviewer 2: @bethwang-okta is right - however, I don't know that we want to bring in the applicability of a given permission here - i.e. keep this section focused on what a resource set is, and what resources can fall within it.  individual permissions and their applicability based on what resources are targeted belongs elsewhere perhaps?

Reviewer: I now see this in a tip/example down below in Resource Identifiers section, so am ok removing from here, however  this note still seems unclear/doesn't serve a purpose as written.

Author: dropped this Note from here to avoid confusion

### Identifiers
#### Resource Identifiers

> In order to specify a resource targeted by a resource set, you will simply use the REST URL of the corresponding Okta API:

Reviewer 2: appropriate to link the dev docs for the user/groups api here?

Author: done

* All users
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users
  ```
* All groups
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups
  ```
* A specific group
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}
  ```
* All users within a specific group
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users
  ```

> **Tip:** If you use a role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the resource set, the admin role will have no effect. For example, the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission will give the admin no privileges if granted to a resource set that only included `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the users within the group the resource set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.

> #### Member Identifiers

Reviewer 2: i'd label this to call out that its specific to bindings again, i.e. "Binding Member Identifiers" or similar...

Author: done

In order to specify binding members, you will simply use the REST URL of the corresponding Okta API:
* A specific user
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users/${memberUserId}
  ```
* A specific group
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${memberGroupId}
  ```

## Custom vs. Standard

> 1. An admin can have both types of standard role assignments and custom role bindings. Note that privileges granted to an admin are an aggregate of:

Reviewer 2: 'types' seems unecessary, i.e. "...can have both standard role assignments and custom role bindings..."

Author: changed

    * standard roles directly assigned
    * standard roles granted through group membership
    * custom roles directly assigned
    * custom roles granted through group membership

>     As a result, if an admin was granted a standard role limited to a single group and at the same time received group management privileges on all groups in the org through a custom org, the ultimate outcome is group management on all groups.

Reviewer: custom role, not 'custom org'

Author: fixed

> 2. Not all permissions and resources are currently supported by custom roles.

Reviewer 2: This may be better phrased as a forward looking thing - i.e. "During BETA (LEA, ...?) Custom Roles, Permissions and Resources are limited to User and Group related items.  We'll be introducing additional Resources and Permissions over time and appreciate your feedback."

Author: done

> 3. A custom role cannot be assigned without a resource set, hence always being applicable only to a subset of resources. Standard roles on the other hand are always initially granted at the entire org. They are only scoped to specific resources byt subsequent invoking of the [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations).

Reviewer 2: should we add a section with specifics re permissions and their applicability to certain resource types?

Reviewer: I think this would be beneficial, especially given the nuances of users and groups (of users)

Author: added

---
title: Role Assignment
---
<ApiLifecycle access="beta" />

# Role Assignment

> Role assignment to principals makes them administrators of your org. Principals can be users or groups of users.

Author: added more details and also linked to the product doc

| `APP_ADMIN`                             | Application Administrator           | Apps                                  |
| `GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_ADMIN`                | Group Membership Administrator      | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |
| `HELP_DESK_ADMIN`                       | Help Desk Administrator             | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |
| `MOBILE_ADMIN`                          | Mobile Administrator                |                                       |
| `ORG_ADMIN`                             | Organizational Administrator        |                                       |
| `READ_ONLY_ADMIN`                       | Read-Only Administrator             |                                       |
| `REPORT_ADMIN`                          | Report Administrator                |                                       |
| `SUPER_ADMIN`                           | Super Administrator                 |                                       |
| `USER_ADMIN`                            | Group Administrator                 | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |

Standard role assignment is done in two steps:

> 1. Assign a role to a user or group. At this point the admin has the supported privileges of the role over all resources across organization.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Assign a Role to a User or Froup. At this point the admin has the supported privileges of the role over all resources across organization.
```

@alifatolahi-okta we capitalize the names of objects within Okta so as to distinguish them from the thing itself. So a User object models a user, a Role object contains information about a role, etc.

Could you ensure that all instances of object names in these docs are capitalized?

Author: done

2. (Optional) If the role supports targets, use one of the [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations) to specify which specific resource the admin can manage.

Note that the entities involved in standard role assignment are:
* a role; identified either by type or id returned from [listing API](/docs/reference/api/roles/#list-roles)
* a principal; either a group or a user

> * (Optional) a resource; when using target [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations) this could be either an app or a group

Author: fixed

## Custom Role Assignment

> Custom roles can be built by piecing [permissions](/docs/reference/api/roles/#permission-types) together. Once a custom role is built, you can use its id or name to assign to admins. The process is:

Author: fixed

1. Build a custom role
2. Build a set of resources
3. Bind the admin with the role from step 1 targeting the resource set from step 2

> An assignment of a role to an admin is called a [binding](/docs/reference/api/roles/#binding-object). Conceptually, a binding is identified by a unique id, and represents a single unique combination of principal, resource-set, and custom role. A given resource-set can have multiple bindings (do we specify the limit here perhaps?), allowing for different combinations of principals and roles as necessary to provide permission to the encompassing resource.

Reviewer 3: I don't know, do you?

Author: ha ha, good catch

Therefore, when dealing with custom roles, three entities are always in play:
* a role; identified by its name or id
* a principal; either a group or a user
* a resource-set; identified by its id

### Resource Sets
A resource set is simply a collection of resources. The following resources are currently supported:
* All users
* All groups
* A specific group
* All users within a specific group

### Identifiers
#### Resource Identifiers
In order to specify a resource targeted by a resource set, you will simply use the REST URL of the corresponding Okta API:
* [All users](/docs/reference/api/users/#list-users)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users
  ```
* [All groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/#list-groups)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups
  ```
* [A specific group](/docs/reference/api/groups/#get-group)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}
  ```
* [All users within a specific group](/docs/reference/api/groups/#list-group-members)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users
  ```

> > **Tip:** If you use a role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the resource set, the admin role will have no effect. For example, the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission will give the admin no privileges if granted to a resource set that only included `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the users within the group the resource set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you use a role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the resource set, the admin role will have no effect. For example, the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission will give the admin no privileges if granted to a resource set that only included `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the users within the group the resource set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.
```

Author: fixed

#### Binding Member Identifiers

> In order to specify binding members, you will simply use the REST URL of the corresponding Okta API:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to specify binding members, you use the REST URL of the corresponding Okta API:
```

Author: fixed

---
title: Role Assignment
---
<ApiLifecycle access="beta" />

> # Role Assignment

Reviewer 4: Role **a**ssignment

> Role assignment to principals makes them administrators of your org. Principals can be Users or Groups of Users. When a Role is assigned to a Group, all members of the Group automatically have the privileges granted by the Role.

Reviewer 4: Combine the first two sentences > "Users or groups of users who are assigned the role of principals become administrators of your org."

Author: This doesn't conceptually make much sense, especially when saying "who are assigned the role of principals"

Reviewer 4: OK.

> Roles could be one of the [standard Roles](#standard-role-assignment), which are provided by default. Alternatively, you can create your own Custom Roles by choosing from the collection of available [permissions](#permission-types).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Roles can be one of the [standard Roles](#standard-role-assignment), which are provided by default. Alternatively, you can create your own Custom Roles by choosing from the collection of available [permissions](#permission-types).
```

> In this page, we discuss the concepts of Role assignment through APIs. See [Custom Admin Roles Help](#https://help.okta.com/en/programs/Content/Topics/betas/closed/custom-admin-role/custom-admin-roles.htm) for more information.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
On this page, we discuss the concepts of Role assignment through APIs. See [Custom Admin Roles Help](#https://help.okta.com/en/programs/Content/Topics/betas/closed/custom-admin-role/custom-admin-roles.htm) for more information.
```

> ## Standard role assignment

Reviewer 4: role in heading should be capitalized > Standard Role assignment

> The following Role types are provided and supported out of the box:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The following Role types are provided and supported:
```

| `APP_ADMIN`                             | Application Administrator           | Apps                                  |
| `GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_ADMIN`                | Group Membership Administrator      | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |
| `HELP_DESK_ADMIN`                       | Help Desk Administrator             | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |
| `MOBILE_ADMIN`                          | Mobile Administrator                |                                       |
| `ORG_ADMIN`                             | Organizational Administrator        |                                       |
| `READ_ONLY_ADMIN`                       | Read-Only Administrator             |                                       |
| `REPORT_ADMIN`                          | Report Administrator                |                                       |
| `SUPER_ADMIN`                           | Super Administrator                 |                                       |
| `USER_ADMIN`                            | Group Administrator                 | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |

> Perform standard role assignment in these two steps:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Perform standard role assignment in two steps:
```

> Standard role assignment is done in two steps:

Reviewer 4: Maybe rewrite in active voice, "Perform standard role assignment in these two steps:"

> 1. Assign a Role to a User or Group. At this point the admin has the supported privileges of the role over all resources across organization.

Reviewer 4: Optional, I think it reads better with a comma after "At this point".

> 2. (Optional) If the role supports targets, use one of the [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations) to specify which specific resource the admin can manage.

Reviewer 4: Maybe swap out "specify" for "indicate".

Note that the entities involved in standard Role assignment are:

> * A Role: Identified either by type or id returned from [listing API](/docs/reference/api/roles/#list-roles)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* A Role: Identified either by type or ID returned from the [listing API](/docs/reference/api/roles/#list-roles)
```

* A principal: Either a Group or a User

> * (Optional) A resource: When using [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations) this could be either an App or a Group

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* (Optional) A resource: When using [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations) this can be either an App or a Group
```

> ## Custom role assignment

Reviewer 4: role in heading should be capitalized > Custom Role assignment

> ## Custom Role Assignment

Reviewer 4: Use sentence case. "Custom role assignment"

> Custom roles can be built by piecing [permissions](/docs/reference/api/roles/#permission-types) together. Once a custom role is built, you can use its `id` or `label` to assign to admins. The process is:

Reviewer 4: Instead of "Once", use "After"

1. Build a custom role
2. Build a set of resources

> 3. Bind the admin with the role from step 1 targeting the resource set from step 2

Reviewer 4: Add period (.) at the end of all three items.

> An assignment of a Role to an admin is called a [binding](/docs/reference/api/roles/#binding-object). Conceptually, a Binding is identified by a unique id, and represents a single unique combination of Principal, Resource-Set, and Custom Role. A given Resource-Set can have multiple bindings, allowing for different combinations of principals and roles as necessary to grant permission to the encompassing resource.

Reviewer 4: lowercase "role"

Reviewer 3: If it's an object within Okta, then it's uppercase.

> An assignment of a Role to an admin is called a [binding](/docs/reference/api/roles/#binding-object). Conceptually, a Binding is identified by a unique id, and represents a single unique combination of Principal, Resource-Set, and Custom Role. A given Resource-Set can have multiple bindings, allowing for different combinations of principals and roles as necessary to grant permission to the encompassing resource.

Reviewer 4: binding > lowercase
unique ID (uppercase)
principal, resource-set, and custom role > lowercase

Author: principal is not an object so will be lowercase, the rest are objects so changed accordingly

> An assignment of a Role to an admin is called a [binding](/docs/reference/api/roles/#binding-object). Conceptually, a Binding is identified by a unique id, and represents a single unique combination of Principal, Resource-Set, and Custom Role. A given Resource-Set can have multiple bindings, allowing for different combinations of principals and roles as necessary to grant permission to the encompassing resource.

Reviewer 4: that allows for...

> An assignment of a Role to an admin is called a [Binding](/docs/reference/api/roles/#binding-object). Conceptually, a Binding is identified by a unique ID, and represents a single unique combination of principal, Resource Set, and Custom Role. A given Resource Set can have multiple Bindings, that allows for different combinations of principals and Roles as necessary to grant Permission to the encompassing resource.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
An assignment of a Role to an admin is called a [Binding](/docs/reference/api/roles/#binding-object). Conceptually, a Binding is identified by a unique ID, and represents a single unique combination of principal, Resource Set, and Custom Role. A given Resource Set can have multiple Bindings that allow for different combinations of principals and Roles as necessary to grant permission to the encompassing resource.
```

> Therefore, when dealing with custom roles, three entities are always in play:

Reviewer 4: Maybe "...when dealing with custom roles, these three entities always exist:"

* a Role; identified by its `label` or `id`

> * a Principal; either a Group or a User - known as a Member of the binding

Reviewer 4: "group", "user", "member" > lowercase

Reviewer 3: ...only if they're not objects :D

> * a Resource-Set; identified by its `id`

Reviewer 4: Sentence case for each bullet item.
Instead of semi-colon, use a colon in each bullet item and then initial caps after the colon.
Lowercase "role", "principal" and "resource", since it's lowercase in most places. If they should be uppercase, please make consistent.

* A role: Identified by its...
* A principal: Either a...
* A resource-set: Identified by...

> ### Resource Sets

Author: I've now made it consistent Not to use hyphen everywhere

> A Resource Set is simply a collection of resources. The following resources are currently supported:

Reviewer 4: Resource Set > lowercase
Should "Resource sets" be hyphenated as mentioned elsewhere?

* All users
* All groups
* A specific group
* All users within a specific group

### Identifiers

> #### Resource Identifiers

Reviewer 4: Use sentence case > Resource identifiers

> In order to specify a resource targeted by a resource set, you will simply use the REST URL of the corresponding Okta API:

Reviewer 4: To specify a resource targeted by a resource-set, you can simply use the...

* [All Users](/docs/reference/api/users/#list-users)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users
  ```
* [All Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/#list-groups)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups
  ```
* [A specific Group](/docs/reference/api/groups/#get-group)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}
  ```
* [All Users within a specific Group](/docs/reference/api/groups/#list-group-members)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users
  ```

> > **Note:** All Users and Groups can be represented using either [All Users](/docs/reference/api/users/#list-users) or [All Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/#list-groups) links. There is no functional difference between the two.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
> **Note:** All Users and Groups are represented by using either [All Users](/docs/reference/api/users/#list-users) or [All Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/#list-groups) links. There is no functional difference between the two.
```

> > **Note:** All users and groups could be represented using either of [All users](/docs/reference/api/users/#list-users) or [All groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/#list-groups) links. There is no functional difference between the two.

Reviewer 4: "All users and groups can be represented using either [All users] or [All groups] links." < replace "could" with "can" and remove "of"

> > **Note:** If you use a Role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the Resource Set, the admin Role will have no effect. For example, the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission gives the admin no privileges if it is granted to a Resource Set that only included `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the Users within the group the Resource Set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.

Reviewer 4: included > includes

> > **Note:** If you use a Role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the Resource Set, the admin Role will have no effect. For example, the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission gives the admin no privileges if it is granted to a Resource Set that only includes `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the Users within the group, the Resource Set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you use a Role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the Resource Set, it doesn't affect the admin Role. For example, the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission gives the admin no privileges if it is granted to a Resource Set that only includes `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the Users within the group, the Resource Set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.
```

> > **Note:** If you use a Role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the resource set, the admin role will have no effect. For example, the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission will give the admin no privileges if granted to a resource set that only included `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the users within the group the resource set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.

Reviewer 4: role > lowercase
resource-set > add hyphen

"...the `okta.users.profile.manage` permission gives the admin no privileges if it is granted..."

> #### Binding Member Identifiers

Reviewer 4: Use sentence case > Binding member identifiers

> In order to specify binding members, you use the REST URL of the corresponding Okta API:

Reviewer 4: "To specify binding members, use the REST URL..."

* [A specific User](/docs/reference/api/users/#get-user)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users/${memberUserId}
  ```
* [A specific Group](/docs/reference/api/groups/#get-group)
  ``` http
  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${memberGroupId}
  ```

> ## Custom vs. Standard

Reviewer 4: Standard > standard (sentence case)

> ## Custom vs. Standard

Reviewer 4: Use sentence case > Custom vs. standard

1. An admin can have both standard role assignments and custom role bindings. Note that privileges granted to an admin are an aggregate of:
    * standard roles directly assigned
    * standard roles granted through group membership
    * custom roles directly assigned

>     * custom roles granted through group membership

Reviewer 4: Sentence case for each bullet item

>     As a result, if an admin was granted a standard Role that is limited to a single Group and at the same time received group management privileges on all Groups in the org through a Custom Role, the ultimate outcome is group management on all Groups.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    As a result, if an admin was granted a standard Role that is limited to a single Group, and at the same time received group management privileges on all Groups in the org through a Custom Role, the ultimate outcome is group management on all Groups.
```

>     As a result, if an admin was granted a standard role limited to a single group and at the same time received group management privileges on all groups in the org through a custom role, the ultimate outcome is group management on all groups.

Reviewer 4: "...a standard role that is limited to..."

> 2. During BETA, Custom Roles, Permissions and resources are limited to User and Group related items. We'll be introducing additional Resources and Permissions over time and appreciate your feedback.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
2. During BETA, Custom Roles, Permissions and resources are limited to User and Group related items. We plan to introduce additional Resources and Permissions over time and appreciate your feedback.
```

> 2. During BETA, Custom Roles, Permissions and Resources are limited to User and Group related items. We'll be introducing additional Resources and Permissions over time and appreciate your feedback.

Reviewer 4: custom roles, permissions, resources > lowercase

> 3. A Custom Role cannot be assigned without a Resource Set, hence always being applicable only to a subset of resources. Standard Roles on the other hand, are always initially granted at the entire org. They are only scoped to specific resources by subsequent invoking of the [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
3. You can't assign a Custom Role without a Resource Set, hence always being applicable only to a subset of resources. Standard Roles on the other hand, are always initially granted to the entire org. They are only scoped to specific resources by subsequent invoking of the [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations).
```

> 3. A Custom Role cannot be assigned without a Resource Set, hence always being applicable only to a subset of resources. Standard roles on the other hand are always initially granted at the entire org. They are only scoped to specific resources by subsequent invoking of the [target operations](/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-target-operations).

Reviewer 4: custom role > lowercase
resource-set > lowercase and hyphenated

Standard roles, on the other hand, are... > commas between "on the other hand"

### Permission types
| Permission type                     | Description                                                                                                                         | Applicable resource types                    |
| :---------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------- |
| `okta.users.manage`                 | Allows the admin to create and manage Users and read all profile and credential information for Users                               | All Users, all Users within a specific Group |

> | `okta.users.create`                 | Allows the admin to create Users. If admin also scoped to manage a Group, can add the User to the Group on creation and then manage | All Groups, a specific Group                 |

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
| `okta.users.create`                 | Allows the admin to create Users. If the admin is also scoped to manage a Group, that admin can add the User to the Group on creation and then manage | All Groups, a specific Group                 |
```

| `okta.users.read`                   | Allows the admin to read any User's profile and credential information                                                              | All Users, all Users within a specific Group |
| `okta.users.credentials.manage`     | Allows the admin to manage only credential lifecycle operations for a User                                                          | All Users, all Users within a specific Group |
| `okta.users.userprofile.manage`     | Allows the admin to only do operations on the User Object, including hidden and sensitive attributes                                | All Users, all Users within a specific Group |

> | `okta.users.lifecycle.manage`       | Allows the admin to only take any User lifecycle operations                                                                         | All Users, all Users within a specific Group |

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
| `okta.users.lifecycle.manage`       | Allows the admin to perform any User lifecycle operations                                                                         | All Users, all Users within a specific Group |
```

| `okta.users.groupMembership.manage` | Allows the admin to manage a User's group membership (also need `okta.groups.members.manage` to assign to a specific Group)         | All Users, all Users within a specific Group |
| `okta.groups.manage`                | Allows the admin to fully manage Groups in your Okta organization                                                                   | All Groups, a specific Group                 |
| `okta.groups.create`                | Allows the admin to create Groups                                                                                                   | All Groups                                   |

> | `okta.groups.members.manage`        | Allows the admin to only take member operations in a Group in your Okta org                                                         | All Groups, a specific Group                 |

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
| `okta.groups.members.manage`        | Allows the admin to only manage member operations in a Group in your Okta org                                                         | All Groups, a specific Group                 |
```
